image link: https://static0.srcdn.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/spy-x-family-anime-forger-family-image-with-loid-yor-anya-and-bond.png?w=1600&h=900&fit=crop

=== TIER 01: CASUAL ===

1. What is the cover identity name assumed by the elite Westalis spy code-named "Twilight"?
    A) Franky Franklin
    B) Yuri Briar
    C) Loid Forger
    D) Donovan Desmond
    Correct: C

2. What secret, supernatural ability does Anya Forger possess?
    A) Precognition
    B) Telekinesis
    C) Invisibility
    D) Telepathy
    Correct: D

3. What is Yor Forger's secret profession as an elite assassin known in the underworld?
    A) Thorn Princess
    B) Nightfall
    C) The Ice Queen
    D) Crimson Rose
    Correct: A

4. What is the official name of the secret mission assigned to Twilight to maintain peace between the East and West?
    A) Operation Dawn
    B) Operation Strix
    C) Operation Owl
    D) Operation Apple
    Correct: B

5. What prestigious educational institution must Anya attend for Twilight's mission to succeed?
    A) Ostanian Imperial Academy
    B) Berlint High School
    C) Eden Academy
    D) St. Margaret's Institute
    Correct: C

6. What high-ranking Ostanian political figure is the primary target of Operation Strix?
    A) Coby Olka
    B) Henry Henderson
    C) Demetrius Desmond
    D) Donovan Desmond
    Correct: D

7. What specific food item is Anya famously obsessed with?
    A) Peanuts
    B) Crispy bacon
    C) Strawberries
    D) Steamed buns
    Correct: A

8. What kind of animal is Bond, the large, fluffy white pet who joins the Forger family?
    A) A cat
    B) A dog
    C) A bear
    D) A wolf
    Correct: B

9. What special ability does Bond possess?
    A) Superhuman speed
    B) Telepathic speech
    C) Precognition
    D) Mind reading
    Correct: C

10. What is Yor's official cover job to conceal her assassin activities from the public?
    A) A primary school librarian
    B) A nurse at Berlint General Hospital
    C) A seamstress at a high-end boutique
    D) A civil service clerk at City Hall
    Correct: D

11. What organization does Yor's younger brother, Yuri Briar, secretly work for?
    A) The State Security Service
    B) WISE
    C) The Garden
    D) The Imperial Scholars
    Correct: A

12. What name is given to the elite students at Eden Academy who achieve top academic and social honors?
    A) Eden Elites
    B) Imperial Scholars
    C) Strix Scholars
    D) Honor Laureates
    Correct: B

13. What merit items must an Eden Academy student collect eight of to achieve elite status?
    A) Tonitrus Bolts
    B) Crest Medals
    C) Stella Stars
    D) Eden Badges
    Correct: C

14. What penalty items are awarded for poor grades or bad behavior at Eden Academy?
    A) Demerit Pins
    B) Black Stars
    C) Disciplinary Seals
    D) Tonitrus Bolts
    Correct: D

15. Who is Anya's wealthy, fashion-obsessed best friend at Eden Academy?
    A) Becky Blackbell
    B) Camilla
    C) Sharon
    D) Millie
    Correct: A

=== TIER 02: EASY ===

16. What is the name of the intelligence agency that Twilight works for?
    A) SSS
    B) MI6
    C) WISE
    D) The Garden
    Correct: C

17. What secret assassin syndicate employs Yor Forger?
    A) The Shadow Guild
    B) The Red Circus
    C) The Black Viper
    D) The Garden
    Correct: D

18. What cover profession does Loid Forger adopt at Berlint General Hospital?
    A) Psychiatrist
    B) Chief Surgeon
    C) Pediatrician
    D) Anesthesiologist
    Correct: A

19. What is the name of Franky Franklin's cover business in Berlint?
    A) A tailor shop
    B) A tobacconist
    C) A bakery
    D) An antique store
    Correct: B

20. What is the title of Anya's favorite spy cartoon show that she watches religiously on TV?
    A) Secret Agent X
    B) Agent Penguin
    C) Spy Wars
    D) Bondman
    Correct: C

21. What name does Anya give to her favorite stuffed penguin toy?
    A) Penguinman
    B) Mr. Tuxedo
    C) Director Chimera
    D) Agent Penguin
    Correct: D

22. What name does Anya give to her beloved plush stuffed animal with horns?
    A) Director Chimera
    B) Mr. Peanut
    C) Horned King
    D) Agent Beast
    Correct: A

23. Which teacher at Eden Academy is obsessed with absolute "Elegance"?
    A) Master Murdoch Swan
    B) Master Henry Henderson
    C) Master Walter Evans
    D) Master Benedict Ivan
    Correct: B

24. What is the name of Donovan Desmond's younger son, who is in Anya's class?
    A) Demetrius Desmond
    B) Emile Elman
    C) Damian Desmond
    D) Ewen Egeburg
    Correct: C

25. What nickname does Anya frequently use when addressing Damian Desmond?
    A) Boss Boy
    B) Richy Rich
    C) Little Lord
    D) Sy-on boy
    Correct: D

26. What secret agent codename is used by Fiona Frost, Loid's fellow operative?
    A) Nightfall
    B) Steel Rose
    C) Frostbite
    D) Shadow Queen
    Correct: A

27. What is Fiona Frost's true, hidden emotional obsession regarding Loid Forger?
    A) She secretly despises him and wants to steal Operation Strix.
    B) She harbors a deep, obsessive romantic love for him.
    C) She views him purely as a rival to be defeated.
    D) She considers him a father figure.
    Correct: B

28. What experiment number was assigned to Anya when she was held in the research facility?
    A) Test Subject 001
    B) Test Subject 010
    C) Test Subject 007
    D) Test Subject 777
    Correct: C

29. What was the secret military research project that originally granted Bond his powers?
    A) Project Genesis
    B) Project Strix
    C) Project Canine
    D) Project Apple
    Correct: D

30. What object does Loid use as a makeshift ring to propose to Yor?
    A) A grenade pin
    B) A bullet casing
    C) A wire from a detonator
    D) A piece of shattered glass
    Correct: A

=== TIER 03: FAMILIAR ===

31. What specific weapon style does Yor use when executing her assassination contracts?
    A) Garrote wire
    B) Stiletto-style daggers
    C) Concealed throwing darts
    D) A custom silenced pistol
    Correct: B

32. What specific physical flaw makes Yor's home-cooked meals notoriously dangerous to eat?
    A) She constantly uses expired, rotten ingredients.
    B) She undercooks raw meat to the point of food poisoning every time.
    C) Her flavor combinations look awful and taste lethal.
    D) She accidentally spills her assassin poisons into the soup.
    Correct: C

33. What is the name of the mysterious leader who oversees the assassin organization "The Garden"?
    A) The Director
    B) The Botanist
    C) The Gardener
    D) The Shopkeeper
    Correct: D

34. How does Anya earn her very first Stella Star at Eden Academy?
    A) By saving a drowning boy named Ken in a hospital rehabilitation pool.
    B) By getting the highest score on a surprise classical history exam.
    C) By defeating a senior student in a dodgeball tournament.
    D) By defusing a bomb placed in the school library.
    Correct: A

35. How does Anya receive her very first Tonitrus Bolt at Eden Academy?
    A) By failing her very first midterm mathematics exam.
    B) By punching Damian Desmond in the face.
    C) By sneaking food into the classroom.
    D) By arriving at the entrance ceremony without a proper uniform.
    Correct: B

36. What sports game becomes an intense, high-stakes battle between Anya's class and Bill Watkins?
    A) Badminton
    B) Tennis
    C) Dodgeball
    D) Table Tennis
    Correct: C

37. What is the imposing nickname of Bill Watkins, the massive, athletic student in class 1-4?
    A) The Tank
    B) Iron Wall
    C) The Juggernaut
    D) Bazooka Bill
    Correct: D

38. What specific condition causes Anya's telepathic powers to temporarily shut down once a month?
    A) A new moon eclipse
    B) Extreme physical exhaustion
    C) High atmospheric pressure during thunderstorms
    D) Eating high-sodium foods
    Correct: A

39. What cover story does Loid use to explain why Anya looks nothing like Yor to strangers?
    A) Anya was adopted from an orphanage after they got married.
    B) Anya is Loid's daughter from a late former wife.
    C) Anya is Yor's niece whom they adopted.
    D) Anya is a distant cousin staying with them.
    Correct: B

40. What high-stakes location serves as the main setting for the Cruise Adventure Arc?
    A) The Leviathan ocean liner
    B) The Royal Berlint ferry
    C) The Princess Lorelei
    D) The Empress Mary cruise liner
    Correct: C

41. Who is Yor assigned to protect during the dangerous Cruise Adventure Arc?
    A) Becky Blackbell and her family
    B) A defecting Westalis diplomat
    C) The Shopkeeper's wife
    D) Olka Gretcher and her infant son
    Correct: D

42. What is the name of Damian Desmond's older brother, who is already an Imperial Scholar?
    A) Demetrius Desmond
    B) Dominic Desmond
    C) Daniel Desmond
    D) Donald Desmond
    Correct: A

43. What is the name of the WISE director who acts as Loid's primary handler?
    A) Camilla
    B) Sylvia Sherwood
    C) Fiona Frost
    D) Olka Gretcher
    Correct: B

44. Which of Yor's female coworkers at City Hall is in a relationship with Dominic, Yuri's friend?
    A) Sharon
    B) Millie
    C) Camilla
    D) Sylvan
    Correct: C

45. What specific food is the ONLY dish that Yor can cook successfully, learned from her childhood memories?
    A) Baked potato soup with herbs
    B) Creamy mushroom pasta
    C) Roasted chicken with caramelized onions
    D) Southern stew with a fried egg
    Correct: D

=== TIER 04: MODERATE ===

46. What is the secret identity/alias used by Olka Gretcher while fleeing on the cruise ship?
    A) Shaty Grey
    B) Coby Olka
    C) Mary Black
    D) Anna Schmidt
    Correct: A

47. What specialized tennis tournament do Loid and Fiona enter undercover to retrieve a secret intelligence dossier?
    A) The Berlint Open
    B) The Campbelldon Tennis Tournament
    C) The Imperial Clay Court Championship
    D) The Westalis Masters
    Correct: B

48. What is the name of the wealthy art collector who holds the secret dossier concealed inside a painting?
    A) Master Murdoch
    B) Coby Gretcher
    C) Caren Campbell
    D) Edgar
    Correct: C

49. What is the name of the antique painting that contains the secret code leading to the Zacharis Dossier?
    A) The Sunlit Maiden
    B) The Crimson Sunset
    C) The Silent Garden
    D) The Lady in Sunbeams
    Correct: D

50. What former Ostanian colonel compiled the secret "Zacharis Dossier" that could reignite war between East and West?
    A) Colonel Erik Zacharis
    B) Colonel Hugo Desmond
    C) Colonel Benedict Ivan
    D) Colonel Walter Evans
    Correct: A

51. What is the name of the extreme anti-government terrorist group that attempts a bomb attack using trained dogs in Berlint?
    A) The Black Dawn
    B) The Ostanian Student Front
    C) The Red Circus
    D) The Freedom Brigade
    Correct: B

52. Who is the ruthless leader of the dog-bomb terrorist faction targeted by WISE?
    A) Edgar
    B) Murdoch Swan
    C) Keith Kepler
    D) Daybreak
    Correct: C

53. What incompetent, overly theatrical rival spy attempts to sabotage Loid's mission during the midterm exam tampering arc?
    A) Nightfall
    B) Twilight Jr.
    C) Sunbeam
    D) Daybreak
    Correct: D

54. What cover identity does Fiona Frost use when accompanying Loid to the underground tennis tournament?
    A) Phony Faking
    B) Wheeler Dealer
    C) Natasha Ivanova
    D) Julia Campbell
    Correct: A

55. What specific military training or weapon mod do the Campbell tennis brothers use to cheat during matches?
    A) Cybernetic arm enhancements
    B) Modified rackets, court traps, and sniper interference
    C) Performance-enhancing steroids
    D) Invisible net wires that trip opponents
    Correct: B

56. What SSS officer acts as Yuri Briar's direct superior officer during missions?
    A) Master Henderson
    B) Captain Murdoch
    C) A lieutenant with a facial scar
    D) Director Zacharis
    Correct: C

57. What is the name of the dog that Anya originally wanted to name Bond after, inspired by her favorite TV show?
    A) Agent Bark
    B) Peanut
    C) King Fang
    D) Bondman
    Correct: D

58. During the Eden Academy interview, which bitter, divorced interviewer maliciously brings up Loid's "previous wife" to distress Yor?
    A) Master Murdoch Swan
    B) Master Henry Henderson
    C) Master Walter Evans
    D) Master Green
    Correct: A

59. What is the name of the house/dormitory that Anya and Damian are assigned to at Eden Academy?
    A) Wald House
    B) Cecile House
    C) Klein House
    D) Malcolm House
    Correct: B

60. What color is the beret worn by students belonging to Cecile House at Eden Academy?
    A) Green
    B) Blue
    C) Red
    D) Yellow
    Correct: C

=== TIER 05: CHALLENGING ===

61. What specific animal does Anya draw during her art class project with Damian that is meant to be a paper-craft craft?
    A) A dragon with wings
    B) A giant dog resembling Bond
    C) A spy penguin
    D) A misshapen paper griffin
    Correct: D

62. What is the name of Damian Desmond's loyal, chubby friend who constantly attends to him alongside Ewen?
    A) Emile Elman
    B) Bill Watkins
    C) George Glooman
    D) Benedict Ivan
    Correct: A

63. What is the name of Damian's other close friend who wears thin-framed glasses and has a long head?
    A) Emile Elman
    B) Ewen Egeburg
    C) George Glooman
    D) Bill Watkins
    Correct: B

64. What student falsely believes he is being forced to drop out of Eden Academy because his family's company is going bankrupt?
    A) Bill Watkins
    B) Emile Elman
    C) George Glooman
    D) Damian Desmond
    Correct: C

65. What luxury food item does George Glooman demand to eat, paid for by his classmates, before his supposed departure?
    A) Expensive chef-prepared tonkatsu
    B) Premium caviar
    C) Handmade cigars
    D) Fine truffles
    Correct: B

66. Who is Yor's senior assassin handler from The Garden who accompanies her on the cruise ship protection mission?
    A) Director Zacharis
    B) Master Green
    C) Agent Wheeler
    D) Matthew McMahon
    Correct: D

67. What cover identity does Loid use when he accidentally ends up on the same cruise ship as Yor?
    A) A raffle winner on a family vacation
    B) An undercover ship waiter
    C) An official Ostanian customs officer
    D) A wealthy doctor from Westalis
    Correct: A

68. How does Anya secretly help Yor during her brutal fight against the assassins on the ship deck without revealing her powers?
    A) She sets off the ship's fire alarm to blind the assassins.
    B) She secretly throws a dropped stiletto dagger back to Yor.
    C) She pushes a heavy deck chair in front of an attacker.
    D) She screams at the top of her lungs to draw the ship security guards.
    Correct: B

69. What weapon does the main assassin leader on the cruise ship use against Yor in their final duel on the deck?
    A) A pair of katana blades
    B) High-frequency tactical knives
    C) A katana cane sword
    D) Polymer garrote wires
    Correct: C

70. What childhood nickname did Twilight's friends use for him before his town was destroyed in the war?
    A) Reader
    B) Loidy
    C) Squirt
    D) Advisor
    Correct: D

71. What was Twilight's fake age when he illegally enlisted in the Westalis army using a dead soldier's identity?
    A) 18
    B) 20
    C) 16
    D) 21
    Correct: A

72. What was the name of the Westalian soldier whose identity Twilight stole to enlist in the army?
    A) Eric Zacharis
    B) Roland Spoof
    C) Walter Evans
    D) Winston Wheeler
    Correct: B

73. How did Twilight first meet Franky Franklin during the war years ago?
    A) Franky was a prisoner of war captured by Twilight's unit.
    B) They met at an underground black market trading post.
    C) On the battlefield when Franky was an Ostanian army deserter.
    D) Franky saved Twilight from a sniper bullet.
    Correct: C

74. What intimidating nickname is given to Sylvia Sherwood by her WISE subordinates due to her terrifying work ethic?
    A) Handler
    B) The Iron Woman
    C) The Steel Maiden
    D) Fullmetal Lady
    Correct: D

75. What tragic personal detail does Sylvia Sherwood briefly reveal to the dog-bomb terrorists about her past?
    A) She lost a young daughter to the war.
    B) Her husband was an Ostanian spy who betrayed her.
    C) She was once a scientist for Project Apple.
    D) She lost her entire family in a submarine attack.
    Correct: A

=== TIER 06: HARD ===

76. What is the name of the Eden Academy caretaker/living guide who takes Anya, Damian, and their friends on an outdoor survival trip?
    A) Master Henderson
    B) Master Green
    C) Master Swan
    D) Master Thomas
    Correct: B

77. What is the name of the dangerous rogue agent from Westalis who attempts to sell stolen intelligence to the SSS in the "Wheeler" arc?
    A) Eric Zacharis
    B) Keith Kepler
    C) Winston Wheeler
    D) Daybreak
    Correct: C

78. Where does the final physical confrontation between Twilight, Nightfall, Yuri Briar, and Wheeler take place?
    A) Inside the Berlint City Hall basement archives
    B) On top of the Berlint Clock Tower
    C) In an abandoned warehouse near the Ostanian border
    D) In the subterranean sewer network beneath Shellbury
    Correct: D

79. Who brutally beats Winston Wheeler after he severely injures Twilight during their underground duel?
    A) Nightfall (Fiona Frost)
    B) Yuri Briar
    C) Yor Forger
    D) Sylvia Sherwood
    Correct: A

80. What specific memory or item prevents Yuri Briar from shooting Twilight (disguised as an SSS officer) in the sewers?
    A) He recognizes Twilight's voice from dinner.
    B) He notices Twilight's defensive arm movement mirrors the martial arts Yor taught him.
    C) He runs out of ammunition.
    D) Sylvia Sherwood snipe-shoots the gun out of his hand.
    Correct: B

81. What is the exact title of the anime's First Opening Theme song performed by Official HIGE DANdism?
    A) Souvenir
    B) Kick Back
    C) Mixed Nuts
    D) Peanuts Love
    Correct: C

82. What is the exact title of the anime's First Ending Theme song performed by Gen Hoshino?
    A) Shikaku Unmei
    B) Color
    C) Strix
    D) Comedy (Kisei)
    Correct: D

83. What is the subtitle/name of the 2023 original theatrical movie release for Spy x Family?
    A) Code: White
    B) Operation: Stella
    C) Secret Cruise
    D) Eden's Legacy
    Correct: A

84. What specific dessert recipe is the main plot objective for the Forger family in the movie?
    A) Berlint Strawberry Tart
    B) Micro-Meerm
    C) Ostanian Royal Soufflé
    D) Imperial Chocolate Ganache
    Correct: B

85. What is the name of the main villain, a rogue military colonel, in the movie?
    A) Colonel Kepler
    B) Colonel Zacharis
    C) Colonel Snidel
    D) Colonel Murdoch
    Correct: C

86. What microscopic object does Anya accidentally swallow in the movie that drives the plot?
    A) The key to an Ostanian nuclear launch briefcase.
    B) A rare uncut diamond stolen from military vaults.
    C) A localized tracking transmitter planted by WISE.
    D) A secret micro-film intelligence shard hidden inside a chocolate bonbon.
    Correct: D

87. What is the name of the rival dormitory at Eden Academy that competes against Cecile House in school events?
    A) Wald House
    B) Hamilton House
    C) Rose House
    D) Crown House
    Correct: A

88. What is the primary business owned by Becky Blackbell's wealthy father?
    A) Blackbell Banking Group
    B) Heavy military defense manufacturing
    C) Blackbell Shipping Lines
    D) Blackbell Pharmaceutical
    Correct: B

89. What is the name of Becky Blackbell's devoted personal butler who attends to her every whim?
    A) Henderson
    B) Dominic
    C) Martha Marriott
    D) Walter
    Correct: C

90. What specific combat background did the Blackbell family butler possess before working for the family?
    A) She was a retired assassin from The Garden.
    B) She was a high-ranking SSS intelligence chief.
    C) She was an operative for Westalis intelligence.
    D) She was a former Ostanian frontline military soldier.
    Correct: D

=== TIER 07: EXPERT ===

91. What specific secret makes the compiled "Zacharis Dossier" so dangerous?
    A) A collection of vintage theatrical actresses' bromides
    B) Documents proving Ostanian human experimentation on children
    C) A secret list of active Westalian double-agents
    D) The structural blueprints for new ballistic missiles
    Correct: A

92. How does Anya secretively pass a crucial message to Loid about a bomb planted at the clock tower during the dog-terrorist arc?
    A) She leaves her stuffed chimera toy tied to the door handle.
    B) She writes "BOMB" in ketchup on a door.
    C) She draws a crude picture of a clock and dynamite in chalk.
    D) She calls his public payphone number and hangs up three times.
    Correct: B

93. What specific brand or model of car does Loid Forger primarily drive during his family outings and operations?
    A) A luxury Mercedes-Benz 300SL
    B) A Porsche 911 Carrera
    C) A vintage Trabant / Cold War-era sedan
    D) An Aston Martin DB5
    Correct: C

94. What is the official Ostanian name of the Secret Police organization commonly referred to as the SSS?
    A) Ostanian Federal Bureau
    B) Imperial Defense Guard
    C) Ministry of Internal Peace
    D) State Security Service
    Correct: D

95. What is the capital city of Ostania where the Forger family resides?
    A) Berlint
    B) Ostania City
    C) Westalis Prime
    D) Frigis
    Correct: A

96. In the Bus Hijacking Arc, what radical extremist group hijacks the Eden Academy school buses?
    A) The Ostanian People's Army
    B) The Red Circus
    C) The Iron Vanguard
    D) The Freedom Union
    Correct: B

97. Who is the leader of the group that conducts the bus hijacking?
    A) Keith Kepler
    B) Edgar
    C) Billy Squire
    D) Snidel
    Correct: C

98. Why did the leader of the bus hijacking originally join the radical movement in his youth?
    A) He wanted to overthrow the monarchy to steal the national treasury.
    B) He was paid by Westalis intelligence to destabilize Ostania.
    C) He wanted to force Eden Academy to admit poor children.
    D) His daughter Biddy was killed by Ostanian government authorities during a protest.
    Correct: D

99. How does Anya diffuse the life-threatening situation during the bus hijacking when explosives are placed on her neck?
    A) She reads the leader's mind, realizes he is grieving his daughter, and expresses genuine empathy.
    B) She uses her physical strength to kick the bus door open.
    C) She secretly disarms the bomb wire using a bobby pin.
    D) She convinces Damian to offer his family's fortune as a trade.
    Correct: A

100. What reward does Eden Academy bestow upon Anya, Damian, Becky, and Bill Watkins for their bravery during the bus hijacking?
    A) An automatic exemption from midterm exams
    B) A Stella Star
    C) A personal commendation from Donovan Desmond
    D) The Imperial Medal of Valor
    Correct: B

101. What specific food item does Anya share with Damian during the bus hijacking that helps calm his nerves?
    A) A bag of peanuts she hid in her coat
    B) A piece of chocolate given to her by Becky
    C) A ration bar snack from her pocket
    D) A homemade cookie prepared by Loid
    Correct: C

102. What cover occupation does Loid give to Yuri Briar when they discuss Yuri's job at their first dinner meeting?
    A) A low-level tax auditor
    B) A clerk at the postal registry
    C) An elementary school inspector
    D) An official at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
    Correct: D

103. What specific martial art technique does Yor accidentally use on Loid during their drunk park encounter, nearly knocking him out?
    A) An explosive high-kick countermeasure
    B) A specialized judo shoulder throw
    C) A joint-lock wrist snap
    D) An open-palm strike to the solar plexus
    Correct: A

104. What specific physical trait does Bond possess on his paws that makes him look like he is wearing footwear?
    A) Pure white extra fluff that covers his claws entirely
    B) Black fur on his lower paws that looks like gloves or socks
    C) Pink-colored paw pads with heart shapes
    D) Shaved fur on his ankles from lab experiments
    Correct: B

105. What is the full real name of the author and creator of the Spy x Family manga series?
    A) Gege Akutami
    B) Tatsuki Fujimoto
    C) Tatsuya Endo
    D) Koyoharu Gotouge
    Correct: C

=== TIER 08: VERY HARD ===

106. What was the name of Tatsuya Endo's 2018 one-shot manga that served as the direct conceptual precursor to Spy x Family?
    A) Tista
    B) Gekka Bijin
    C) ASPE
    D) I Spy
    Correct: D

107. What specific character design from Tatsuya Endo's earlier work "Rengoku no Ashe" directly inspired Anya Forger's design?
    A) Ashe Talton
    B) Tista Lone
    C) Miu
    D) Fina
    Correct: A

108. In what digital manga platform was Spy x Family first serialized starting in March 2019?
    A) Weekly Shonen Jump
    B) Shonen Jump+
    C) Manga Plus
    D) Weekly Young Jump
    Correct: B

109. What animation studios co-produce the anime adaptation of Spy x Family together?
    A) MAPPA and Wit Studio
    B) Bones and CloverWorks
    C) Wit Studio and CloverWorks
    D) Ufotable and Production I.G
    Correct: C

110. What is the name of the sound director for the Spy x Family anime adaptation?
    A) Kazuhiro Furuhashi
    B) Norihito Sumitomo
    C) Yoko Kanno
    D) Shoji Hata
    Correct: D

111. What specific musical group composed the original soundtrack for the Spy x Family anime?
    A) [K]NoW_NAME
    B) KOW Otani
    C) Hiroyuki Sawano
    D) Evan Call
    Correct: A

112. Who directed the first season of the Spy x Family anime adaptation?
    A) Tetsuro Araki
    B) Kazuhiro Furuhashi
    C) Shinichiro Watanabe
    D) Sunghoo Park
    Correct: B

113. What specific floor of the Berlint City Hall does Yor Forger work on as a civil servant?
    A) The 1st floor reception desk
    B) The 5th floor public health office
    C) The 3rd floor municipal registry office
    D) The basement archive office
    Correct: C

114. What exact room number is the Forger family's apartment in their Berlint building?
    A) Apartment 404
    B) Apartment 221B
    C) Apartment 101
    D) Apartment 128
    Correct: D

115. What specific brand of camera does Loid use when taking the family portrait required for the Eden Academy application?
    A) A vintage twin-lens reflex camera modeled after a Rolleiflex
    B) A Leica M3 rangefinder
    C) A Hasselblad 500C
    D) A Nikon F SLR
    Correct: A

116. What specific test score numerical total did Anya achieve on her Eden Academy entrance written exam that barely allowed her to pass?
    A) Exactly 50 points
    B) Exactly 31 points
    C) Exactly 10 points
    D) Exactly 42 points
    Correct: B

117. What rank was Anya placed on the official waitlist after the Eden Academy interview before someone dropped out?
    A) Rank 5
    B) Rank 10
    C) Rank 1
    D) Rank 3
    Correct: C

118. What is the name of the specific Ostanian currency unit used in the series?
    A) Pent
    B) Eddies
    C) Marks
    D) Dalc
    Correct: D

119. How many Dalcs equal one Pent in the Ostanian monetary system?
    A) 100 Pents equal 1 Dalc
    B) 10 Pents equal 1 Dalc
    C) 1,000 Pents equal 1 Dalc
    D) 50 Pents equal 1 Dalc
    Correct: A

120. How many times was Anya adopted and returned to the orphanage before Loid took her in?
    A) One time
    B) Four times
    C) Six times
    D) She was never adopted prior to Loid
    Correct: B

=== TIER 09: MASTER ===

121. What specific type of poison is Yor completely immune to due to building up intense tolerance during her assassin training?
    A) Cyanide
    B) Strychnine
    C) Tetrodotoxin (Pufferfish toxin)
    D) Arsenic trioxide
    Correct: C

122. During her fight with the assassin wearing body armor on the cruise deck, what specific body part of the assassin does Yor target to bypass his armor?
    A) She stabs directly through his armored chest plate.
    B) She slices his Achilles tendon.
    C) She strikes his eyes through his helmet visor.
    D) She drives her blade through his jaw joint where the helmet meets the neck.
    Correct: D

123. What specific chemical explosive does Twilight disarm underwater near the hull of the Princess Lorelei ship?
    A) Clockwork limpet mines
    B) A radio-triggered C4 charge
    C) A thermite incendiary canister
    D) A pressure-sensitive depth charge
    Correct: A

124. What is the name of the Eden Academy professor who serves as the head of Cecile House?
    A) Master Walter Evans
    B) Master Henry Henderson
    C) Master Murdoch Swan
    D) Master Green
    Correct: B

125. What is the exact title of the short extra chapter manga installments released between main chapters in Shonen Jump+?
    A) Extra Strix
    B) Secret File
    C) Short Mission
    D) Operative Report
    Correct: C

126. What specific codename was assigned to Bond during his time as an intelligence-enhanced canine cohort in Project Apple?
    A) Subject 1
    B) Subject 007
    C) Subject K-9
    D) Subject 8
    Correct: D

127. What were the real targets of Daybreak's sabotage mission when he infiltrated Eden Academy?
    A) The Desmond brothers
    B) Anya and Becky
    C) Bill Watkins
    D) The Imperial Scholars' test files
    Correct: A

128. How does Daybreak attempt to alter the test scores once he locates them?
    A) He deletes the digital records entirely.
    B) He changes correct answers to incorrect ones in an attempt to fail the targets.
    C) He completely shreds the physical paper tests.
    D) He swaps the targets' names with other random students.
    Correct: B

129. What distinguishing physical feature characterizes the SSS Lieutenant who oversees Yuri Briar?
    A) A missing left eye
    B) A prosthetic mechanical arm
    C) A large facial scar across his eye and cheek
    D) A permanent limp requiring a cane
    Correct: C

130. What disguise persona does Sylvia Sherwood frequently use when conducting public drops or meetings in Berlint?
    A) A street sweeper
    B) A wealthy, elegant socialite
    C) An elderly fruit vendor
    D) A municipal police officer
    Correct: B

131. What is the name of the female cigar club employee that Franky Franklin harbors a massive, unrequited crush on?
    A) Kasey
    B) Sharon
    C) Camilla
    D) Chloe
    Correct: A

132. How many Stella Stars must a student collect in total to officially become an Imperial Scholar?
    A) 5
    B) 8
    C) 10
    D) 12
    Correct: B

133. What is Yor Forger's exact age during the events of the series?
    A) 24
    B) 25
    C) 27
    D) 30
    Correct: C

134. What is Yuri Briar's exact age during the events of the series?
    A) 18
    B) 20
    C) 22
    D) 25
    Correct: B

135. What is Anya Forger's officially reported height on her Eden Academy profile?
    A) 99.5 cm
    B) 105 cm
    C) 110 cm
    D) 115.5 cm
    Correct: A

=== TIER 10: NIGHTMARE ===

136. What is the name of the lavish theme park castle that Loid rents out to celebrate Anya's admission into Eden Academy?
    A) Berlint Palace
    B) Newfall Castle
    C) Imperial Strix Castle
    D) The Ostanian Royal Keep
    Correct: B

137. Which real-world country and historical era heavily inspired the setting of Ostania?
    A) Victorian-era London
    B) Post-WW2 Soviet Union
    C) Cold War-era East Germany
    D) Interwar period France
    Correct: C

138. What is Loid Forger's official listed height in the series' character profiles?
    A) 180 cm
    B) 183 cm
    C) 185 cm
    D) 187 cm
    Correct: D

139. Due to his relentless espionage work, how many hours of sleep does Loid Forger typically average per night?
    A) 2 hours
    B) 4 hours
    C) 5 hours
    D) 6 hours
    Correct: A

140. What is the name of the Westalian Foreign Minister who is targeted for assassination by the dog-bomb terrorists?
    A) Minister Edgar
    B) Minister Brantz
    C) Minister Zacharis
    D) Minister Murdoch
    Correct: B

141. What clever disguise does Loid use to successfully lure the terrorists away from the real Westalian Foreign Minister?
    A) He disguises himself as the Minister's personal bodyguard.
    B) He disguises himself as Keith Kepler to confuse the dogs.
    C) He disguises himself flawlessly as Minister Brantz himself.
    D) He disguises himself as an Ostanian police chief.
    Correct: C

142. Who is the freelance, highly theatrical amateur spy hired to tamper with the Eden Academy midterm exams?
    A) Wheeler
    B) Edgar
    C) Sunbeam
    D) Daybreak
    Correct: D

143. What does the acronym WISE officially stand for in the context of the series?
    A) Westalia Intelligence Services' Eastern-Focused Division
    B) Westalis Imperial Secret Espionage
    C) World Intelligence and Security Execution
    D) Westalian Internal Security Enforcement
    Correct: A

144. What is the exact name of the hospital where Loid Forger works as his primary cover identity?
    A) Ostania Imperial Medical Center
    B) Berlint General Hospital
    C) St. Mary's Clinic of Berlint
    D) Westalis Memorial Hospital
    Correct: B

145. What is the name of the young boy Anya saves from drowning in the hospital rehabilitation pool?
    A) Ewen
    B) Emile
    C) Ken
    D) George
    Correct: C

146. What specific real-world breed of dog is Bond officially modeled after by the creator?
    A) Samoyed
    B) Siberian Husky
    C) St. Bernard
    D) Great Pyrenees
    Correct: D

147. What is the exact title of the second ending theme song for the Spy x Family anime?
    A) Shikisai
    B) Color
    C) Comedy
    D) Mixed Nuts
    Correct: A

148. What is the exact title of the second opening theme song for the Spy x Family anime?
    A) Kick Back
    B) Souvenir
    C) Kura Kura
    D) Peanuts Love
    Correct: B

149. What is Loid Forger's preferred method for drinking his coffee?
    A) Lots of cream and sugar
    B) A splash of milk
    C) Black, no sugar
    D) He only drinks espresso
    Correct: C

150. What specific item does Loid use as a makeshift ring to propose to Yor while running from pursuers?
    A) A piece of twisted copper wire
    B) A diamond stolen from a smuggler
    C) A ring from a discarded soda can
    D) A grenade pin
    Correct: D